Oyster Mushroom, Asparagus and Fontina Quiche
Serves about 4, makes 1 quiche

Ingredients

1 9" pie crust, rolled flat to 1/4" thickness
1 bunch fresh asparagus, washed, and chopped using tips and tender parts of stalks
6 oz. fresh oyster mushrooms, wiped with damp towel and chopped
1 T. butter
1 T. olive oil
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1/8 tsp. ground white pepper
3 medium eggs
1 1/4 c. milk
1/2 c. grated Fontina cheese
1 tsp. fresh thyme, chopped
1/2 tsp. fresh tarragon, chopped
1/4 c. grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese

Method:
1. Preheat oven to 400˚F.  After dough is rolled out, press the dough into a quiche pan or tart pan with removable bottom.  Refrigerate the dough for 30 minutes to rest after pressing into the pan.  Line the dough with aluminum foil with enough to cover the top and sides of the dough and fill with dried beans to weight the dough.  I use dried chick peas.
￼
This process is called "blind baking" and helps make sure your crust will be fully cooked and is not soggy. Bake the crust for 20 minutes and then remove from oven and cool.  Reduce the oven temperature to 350˚F.

2. In a skillet, heat the butter and oil over medium high heat and  saute the asparagus and mushrooms until tender.  Season with the salt and white pepper and set aside.

3. In a bowl, whisk the eggs and milk.  I'd recommend whole milk here, don't go with skim.  Stir in the Fontina cheese and chopped herbs.  Sprinkle with a little more ground white pepper.

4.  Over the quiche crust has cooled, remove the beans and foil and spread the sauteed mushrooms and asparagus into an even layer on the crust.  Pour in the egg custard mixture and distribute evenly with a fork or rubber spatula.  Sprinkle the parmigiano-reggiano cheese on top.

5.  Gently place the entire quiche pan onto a rimmed baking sheet.  This will catch any possible leaks or spills.  Bake in the oven about 40-45 minutes or until the quiche is golden brown and knife comes out cleanly.  After baking, remove from the oven and cool another 10 minutes.  Then, if using a tart pan with two pieces, take out the bottom from the rim and slide the quiche onto a cutting board.  Cut into wedges and serve immediately.